what started about six months ago when a
major from the australian army came to
me and told me about everything have
been happening like we see all the
deaths of the diggers that came home and
we stopped our lives for a while but
then he told me about all the wounded
and injured soldiers who were coming
back and they'd set up this organization
makes for mates and he'd seen the match
that we put onto the Christchurch earth
by a couple of years ago and he said is
there anything we can do to try to help
as I said wow that's pretty good we'll
see the wheels started moving slowly and
they got faster and faster and boys are
going my body's just maybe got one more
game a lot of these guys were playing on
jun 21 they played in the earthquake
game from the Christchurch we got badly
beaten up that night by the all black so
we decided it was a lot better idea to
get the All Blacks guys on board rather
play against them so that's the Anzacs
we always used to beat each other up the
Australians in the earth or blacks and
we just went well with they're actually
good blokes we finally got to know them
and since then you get to know the guys
you play with and against a lot better
after you finish playing because there's
a lot more time and you're not hurting
each other everyone's gone like me I've
only got one knee ok I can play everyone
else has gone on I haven't done much and
they started training about six weeks
ago so the joy of these guys be able to
come together and uh and the noise
that's been made by the Lions actually
the real life being here has been great
and we're just we're coming in as a
curtain-raiser because so many people
couldn't get tickets so the whole thing
has been quite amazing how it's come
together brisbane is a wonderful
supporter of rugby as the Reds will tell
you they are more than 30,000 members so
tapping into that knowing the joy you
know we've got a samoan guy so i know
the Samoan community videos if you add
the Kiwi community be there of course
the australian rugby community to be
there there'll be some british a lot of
british people there and also the army
on the night it'll be fabulous it'll be
good when the games over because that's
when we're all come into our
what we're actually good at these days